So let's see for your Kanab free shipping.
If the user buys at least $100 so here in the United States I'm going to click it on a ankle at the
bar and you can see we have flat rate.
And when I ship in metal and in this case and when I'm free shipping.
So you can see bring in metal and now you can have it there free shipping and from here you can for
example you can customize the name.
And as you can see we have free shipping requires so you can either rule right here about free shipping
coupons so you can create a coupon and share with your customers.
Ganseys change a coupon they are going out.
Receive the free shipping and so you can see here we have a minimum order amount.
So we're going to select this option.
The other one is you can see that we have a minimum order amount or a coupon or add the minimum amount
and the coupon.
So what was it like the second option.
A minimum order amount and you can add the minimum order.
In this case again at $100.
And I going I say changes from kidlets up in again they the checkout and I'm going out a little
and then go and change some changes in the flattery what do nothin that are for you.
And you don't hear now you can see we have that flat rate we have $10.
So in order to see the free shipping when it an amount of $100 so we can open again the shop and that's
had some products.
So here we have with the stairwell well back we we're going to be the guy that and it said some might
and that's had four of these in of the Day card at some agency was one hundred and eighty dollars.
And you can read the checkout
and you can see that we have free shipping right here.
Of course when you have free shipping kid.
So we're ready to buy the other one.
Right.
Well that's something that we're going to make with gold.
You know comedians but you can see how you can add free shipping.
Based on the minimum order amount that something really nice something really common in a lot of websites
is that if you buy something for example 30 40 or 50 dollars you can receive the free shipping.
You can see at the moment we're working with the United States.
So the next videos we're going to start working with the other been such as this one that is North America
and then the other ones.